Minor doc fixes (#5139)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/trainer.rst

distributed_backend
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This has been renamed ``accelerator``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecated: This has been renamed ``accelerator``.
```

Your effective batch size is batch_size * total tpu cores.

.. note::

>     No need to add a `DistributedSampler <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/data.html#torch.utils.data.distributed.DistributedSampler>`_,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    No need to add a :class:`~torch.utils.data.distributed.DistributedSampler`,
```
